---
title: Humans. The exception to the rule is what makes us exceptional, embrace it!
date: "2018-12-31"
layout: post
readNext: "/"
path: "/humans/"
meta: Humans are worse than every animal at almost everything. It is often said that it is the human thumb that separates us from other animals. Yet, this post suggests that it is our ability to learn that separates us from other animals (and our thumbs).
featured_image: null
categories:
- note
- story
---

Humans basically can't do anything without years of practice. Isn't that exceptional? Think about it? It is something unique to humand and it is everlasting throughout our lives. We take about a year to walk, a year to communicate. Our mobility is awkward until adulthood—which takes approximately 2 decades. And, even then, our mobility is worse than most other animals. Yet, we succeed. How can this be? I believe a key factor is our ability to learn.

> Often, it is stated that humans are different than other animals because of our thumbs. Yet, I observe something else—the human ability to learn.

An average human in their peak can run 10mph-15mph. Yet, some humans after training can [almost double that speed](https://www.iamlivingit.com/running/average-human-running-speed). The maximum vs average speed of other animals is more opique: a cheetah can run 65-75mph, a gazelle can run 60mph, a grizzly bear can run 35mph, etc. The moving speed of all animals is much less diverse then that of humans. This suggests to me, that humans can start at one level of capability (like running) and, through learning and training, can achieve a whole other level of capability. This is inspiring to me!

...insert gif, video

## You can change your ability completely, you're a human

It seemed like a secret to me that learning is continual. I knew that I could learn new things for my life's entirety but I did not know that in doing that, in performing the act of learning, that I was doing something unique to myself and unique to my species.

## My own experience with achievement and internal growth

My whole life I struggled with deep feelings of doubt. I came from intelligent family and my achievements were much more average or worse. When I was a teenager, I was challenged even more by high quality schools. I struggled with something I loved, school, and something I was not exceptional at, also school. This was confusing. There was so much doubt placed on me by others. Was I smart enough? How could I possibly go to a good college like my other family members. I felt lost and then answer was unclear.

## The struggle to continue learning is real
