---
layout: post
title:  "Art Lived, A Story Of How A Painting Was Given, Lost & Found"
date: 2012-10-21
author: Jeff Wainwright
meta: Art Lived, A Story Of A Painting
permalink: /art-lived/
categories: story general second
post_type: post--featured
featured_image: //c2.staticflickr.com/6/5703/22541280060_9bc6f31bb4_o.jpg
special_class: has-special-image-widths
---

Chatting with a friend, we began discussing challenging things that had overcome in the past years. We both decided that I should post an image of _Lemonade_ on Facebook to acknowledge what we had overcome: Turning Lemons to Lemonade.
{: .first-paragraph }

<figure class="figure">
{% include media/picture.html pictureClass="picture__secondary" imageSM="//c1.staticflickr.com/9/8319/8037170526_6d11472794_o.jpg" imageTitle="Image of the painting the day of" %}
	<figcaption class="figure__caption">
		<p>N&deg;1: Image of the painting the day of</p>
	</figcaption>
</figure>

Needless to say - I did not follow through with my promise to post an image of _Lemonade_ on Facebook and the story that is ensues is why.

First, let me prefice the story with a brief timeline:

1. Conversation with my friend,
2. Planned posting of the Lemonade image until
3. The incident described below happened.

> A gentleman walks by _looking down on his luck_ and says, 'your lucky ... flats can be fixed!'

<figure class="figure figure--aside">
{% include media/picture.html pictureClass="picture__secondary" imageSM="//c1.staticflickr.com/1/759/22729197805_0b1f34487d_z.jpg" imageTitle="Image of my tire after getting a flat off the CA 10" %}
	<figcaption class="figure__caption">
		<p>N&deg;2: Image of my tire after getting a flat off the CA 10</p>
	</figcaption>
</figure>

I was in Venice 2 weekends ago working on stuff with the founders of this awesome new tech/clothing/mood company and one of them (the founders) just happened to have this absolutely beautiful painting sitting out in their lawn. I took the sec to say, 'Wow! That painting is beautiful!'. Little did I know that this statement would lead to a wild night and early morning!

As I was leaving after a day of _data planning_ the owner of the painting says, 'bet that painting would look great on a wall in your house!'. I agreed and we decided to pack it up and tie to to my car ... safe and sound; high and tight. Right? Wrong! I was driving on the 10 (Los Angeles Area Highway towards Downtown LA (where I currently live) and suddenly _Whoosh_. The painting is flying through the air. I was initially scared that it was going to cause problems but it landed flat on the freeway for a semi to run over seconds later.

<figure class="figure figure--aside">
{% include media/picture.html pictureClass="picture__secondary" imageSM="//c2.staticflickr.com/6/5640/22108059213_c1305fd4d3_o.jpg" imageTitle="Image of the painting after being hit" %}
	<figcaption class="figure__caption">
		<p>N&deg;3: Image of the painting after being hit</p>
	</figcaption>
</figure>

When I got home, I called up the founder, owner of the painting, friend - and told him what happened. We sat on opposite ends of the phone silently for a sec. Then he goes, 'Do you remember where on the highway the painting flew off?'. Yup! I did know! He says, 'Come get me'. I go and pick him up and we go searching for the painting on the 10 [again, Los Angeles Highway (always busy)] and there it is (the painting) sitting on the side of the Freeway ... might as well have been folded it was so perfect. We pick up the painting. BUT as we are driving to the exit we hear a ... _whoop whoop whoop_ ... and yes one of the wood chips from the painting's frame had lodged itself right into my tire and had given me a flat.

So there we say fixing a flat. I think it was about 3am at that time ... on _Crenshaw_, which, I might add is not the safest spot in LA to fix a flat. A gentleman walks by _looking down on his luck_ and says, 'your lucky ... flats can be fixed!'. And he was right. I drove the owner of the painting home and before we bid our good byes he unfolded the paint and we looked at it - still beautiful. Art, for the night, lived!

After scrambling to get my car fixed and other obligations of the day, I did not have time for the _lemonade_ picture post on Facebook but somehow I hoped that after sharing this story - it wouldn't matter. The _Lemonade_ was a _symbol_ as is finding the painting on the side of the road. I think that, maybe, recovering the painting was actually a better symbol. I hope that my friend feels the same and relates to this story/metaphor ... _ART LIVED!_

<figure class="figure">
{% include media/picture.html pictureClass="picture__secondary" imageSM="https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5703/22541280060_9bc6f31bb4_o.jpg" imageTitle="Image of the painting after being rebuilt" %}
	<figcaption class="figure__caption">
		<p>N&deg;4: Image of the painting after being rebuilt</p>
	</figcaption>
</figure>
