---
title: Week 11, 2017—Got Some Good Surfing In and Felt More Comfortable In My Roll
date: 2017-03-27 00:00:00 Z
permalink: "/week-11-17/"
categories:
- note
- story
layout: post
meta: Week 11, 2017 was fair. I got some good surfing time on a new fun board and I felt more comfortable in my new position at work.
show_image: true
imgix: true
featured_image: https://yowainwright.imgix.net/wk-11/
---

Last week was the 3rd week of March. I was able to get some good surfing in later in the week. I continued to progess in my transfer from 1 team to another at work. Also, my car was side-swiped while I was at Dinner in Venice. All in all, it was a fair week.
{: .first-paragraph}

## Changing Teams

Changing teams is tough but great for challenging new skills and learning. The product that I was working on before (a [content](https://content.dollarshaveclub.com/) site) still exists leading to fair amount of conversation on that. Meanwhile, I have a whole new stack, an analytics middle tier) that I'm working on now. The really cool part of this setup is that I get to work on a lot of things. The not as cool part [for right now], is the amount of different things I'm working on is almost too much to take on all at once—its a lot for my brain to consume and comprehend when there is context switching. In this case, 'context switching' I'm having to change up my thought process and workflow a lot. 

As far as what I'm learning, I'm getting much more comfortable with Docker. I'm also getting a crash course in debugging. The best thing I've done so far is destroy my local dev box version needlessly a few times and disconnect my local MySQL for the content site. It hasn't been the most fun but I've gained a lot from debugging and I've been able to work with more developers—very cool.

## Surfing Time

Late the week before last, I was getting out of the water and over extended my leg a bit so I wasn't able to surf. This was good for focusing my time on learning my new workflow at work (still a bummer). 

Then the weekend came and my body was feeling pretty good. I also added fins and a leash to my new fun board—a 7'2" fun machine for small wave days. The new board took some getting used to but after a few perls, I was able to get some fun long rides in on both Saturday and Sunday. 

## Getting Side-swiped

I've often heard that part of being an Angeleno is dealing with what happens when your car incurs damage when parked. Well, if that is the case then I'm officially an Angeleno. I went to dinner on Sunday and came back to tripping on something while getting ready to get into my car. The thing that I tripped on was my side view mirror. Upon closer inspection of my car in the dark, my side view mirror was off and I had scratches from my front bumper, on both side door and my rear bumper. After going to the body shop I learned it was well over a $1k in damages. The person that ran into my car and left no note so 100% of the cost was on me—or so I thought. After going to my local body shop, they informed me that I could contact my insurance without filing a claim if I stated, 'I didn't want to file a claim'. 

